yeah I think he was like hunting from a distance, you know?
OK.
Roughly....
Right.
Right...
yeah so um yeah roughly
Roughly somewhere I mean...i... my parents were immigrants and then I was born here
My parents married pretty late.
Umm they had both previously been buried, so they...
got married within like a year of dating and then had me like right away.
And my mom was 41 when she got me
I'm their only kid, yes. And then I have one half-brother who's older than me.
Umm byy eight years, so I grew up with him
and I was born and raised in Michoacán, so South Orange County.
Umm and yeah I like basically lived in the same house for
all of my life. Yeah, all my childhood. Yeah.
yeah they do.... yeah yeah so we never moved.... yeah
I think right before I was born they lived in
a (***) but also in Michigan, so it wasn't far.
and actually I remember I think my mom still owned it so we went to like go paint it and
renovate it a little bit before they sold it off and I remember like going up and down the stairs and like having
fun when I was a little kid but yeah I mean
Michiveho was like a really quiet suburban area.
not much to do it's like mostly white
Umm yeah, but I
I thnik i thought it was nice. I mean, it's... it feels like a nice area to raise kids.
but..
Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. Greg's sister, right?
Yeah..yeah
yeah so..i mean...i know i mean.
I went to high school in Santa Ana.
And that was a little bit different. I had to correct the way I did it.
Yeah it's definitely a little bit different, yeah.
So I went to an arts high school.
Yeah, so I would commute there and I'd carpool with like other girls that lived in
my area um but yeah it was like kind of a long commute for
Yeah..(***) yeah one way
Yeah, I always love going to the taco trucks after school.
It was like definitely a completely different vibe than Bishop E. Ho.
Yeah, yeah, so like there would be like, I think four or five of us.
And then..the each mom had their designated day. Yeah, that kind of thing.
yeah so um but it was kind of like a setup system like the school would have like
forums or whatever where people could
The parents can meet because a lot of kids come from different areas.
yeah yeah there were some people who committed like really far
Yeah, even though I know there is like an arts high school in LA also...yeah